Added description how to use config system, fixed missing copyright headers, improved example and isort CI (#125)
facebookresearch/habitat-api: configs/README.md

Habitat-API Configuration
==============================

Habitat-API uses [Yacs configuration system](https://github.com/rbgirshick/yacs) 
that has the paradigm is: `your code + a YACS config for experiment E (+
external dependencies + hardware + other nuisance terms ...) =
reproducible experiment E`. List of Yacs advantages:

> - Checks for types consistency.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Checks for type consistency.
```

- All parameters and default values are searchable in the code.

> - No checks for a parameter to be set required as each parameter has a 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- A parameter doesn't need to be set explicitly as each parameter has a
```

    default value

> - Freeze config from unintended change.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Freeze config to prevent unintended changes.
```

## Config usage
An example of how to merge default config with 2 others configs and overwrite 
one parameter that could come from the command line:
```
    merged_config = get_config(
        config_paths=["configs/tasks/pointnav.yaml", 
            "configs/dataset/val.yaml"],
        opts=["ENVIRONMENT.MAX_EPISODE_STEPS", steps_limit]
    )

```

## Config structure

> The config has a next high-level structure:

Reviewer 2: `"Below is the structure of config used for habitat"`

- Environment
- Task
    - Sensors
    - Measurements
- Simulator
    - Agent
        - Sensors
- Dataset

> When we need attach a list of configs to a particular node 

Reviewer 2: This statement is not clear.

(e.g. Sensors to an Agent) we create a node for each item and use a list of 
node names instead. With this approach, it's still easy to overwrite a 
particular sensor parameter in yaml file without redefining the whole list of 
nodes. 

## Extension

> Example how to extend config outside of habtiat-api repository. We create 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Example on how to extend a config outside of habtiat-api repository. First, we create 
```

> extended default config in the code and re-use `habitat.get_config()`:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
a config extending the default config in the code and re-use `habitat.get_config()`:
```

```
import habitat
import argparse
from typing import List, Optional, Union

_C = habitat.get_config()
_C.defrost()
# Add new parameters to the config
_C.TASK.EPISODE_INFO = habitat.Config()
_C.TASK.EPISODE_INFO.TYPE = "EpisodeInfo"
_C.TASK.EPISODE_INFO.VALUE = 5
_C.TASK.MEASUREMENTS.append("EPISODE_INFO")

# New function returning extended Habitat config that should be used instead

> # habitat.get_config()

Reviewer: ```suggestion
# of habitat.get_config()
```

Habitat-API Configuration
==============================

Habitat-API uses [Yacs configuration system](https://github.com/rbgirshick/yacs) 
with the paradigm of `your code + a YACS config for experiment E (+
external dependencies + hardware + other nuisance terms ...) =

> reproducible experiment E`. List of Yacs advantages:

Reviewer 2: NIT: `List of Yacs advantages` : `Yacs advantages`

- Checks for type consistency.
- All parameters and default values are searchable in the code.

> - A parameter doesn't need to be set explicitly as each parameter has a 

Reviewer 2: `set explicitly` -> `set always`

    default value.

> - Freeze config to prevent unintended changes.

Reviewer 2: `Freeze config` -> `Ability to freeze config`

## Config usage
An example of how to merge default config with 2 others configs and overwrite 
one parameter that could come from the command line:
```
    merged_config = get_config(
        config_paths=["configs/tasks/pointnav.yaml", 
            "configs/dataset/val.yaml"],
        opts=["ENVIRONMENT.MAX_EPISODE_STEPS", steps_limit]
    )

```

## Config structure
Below is the structure of config used for Habitat:
- Environment
- Task
    - Sensors
    - Measurements
- Simulator
    - Agent
        - Sensors
- Dataset

We use node names (e.g. `SENSORS: ['RGB_SENSOR', 'DEPTH_SENSOR']`) instead of list 
of config nodes (e.g. `SENSORS: [{TYPE = "HabitatSimDepthSensor", 
MIN_DEPTH = 0}, ...]`) to declare the Sensors attached to an Agent or Measures 
enabled for the Task . With this approach, it's still easy to overwrite a 
particular sensor parameter in yaml file without redefining the whole sensor 
config. 

## Extending the config

> Example on how to extend a config outside of `habtiat-api` repository. 

Reviewer 2: `Example on` -> `Example of`
